[ADR] Distributed Mailbox Listener Configuration (#3323)
linagora/james-project: src/adr/0034-distributed-listeners-configuration.md

> # 34. Removing a configured additional MailboxListener

Reviewer: Title is wrong no? (bad copy/paste from ADR 26?)

per listener.

Currently, mailbox listeners are determined by the guice bindings of the server and additional mailbox listeners defined
via configuration files.

While the configuration might be specific for each James server, what actually is defined in RabbitMQ is common. 
Heterogeneous configuration might then result in unpredictable RabbitMQ resource status. This was left as a limitation
of [26. Removing a configured additional MailboxListener](0026-removing-configured-additional-mailboxListeners.md).

## Decision

We need to centralize the definition of mailbox listeners.

An event sourcing system will track the configured mailbox listeners.

It will have the following commands:

 - **AddListener**: Add a given listener. This should be rejected if the group is already used.
 - **RemoveListener**: Remove a given listener.

It will have the following events:

 - **ListenerAdded**: A mailbox listener is added
 - **ListenerRemoved**: A mailbox listener is removed

A subscriber will react to these events to modify the RabbitMQ resource accordingly by adding queues, adding or removing

> binding.

Reviewer: s/binding/bindings?

listeners, and add them if missing (handling the RabbitMQ bindings by this mean), then starts the eventBus which will
consume the given queues.

If a listener is configured with a class unknown to James, the start-up fails. This can happen if a custom jar, containing
user implemented mailbox listeners is partially deployed.

This differs from [26. Removing a configured additional MailboxListener](0026-removing-configured-additional-mailboxListeners.md)
by the fact we no longer need to register all listeners at once.

A WebAdmin endpoint will allow:

 - **to add a listener** to the one configured. Such a call:
    - Will fail if the listener is unknown to James, or if the 
    - Upon success the listener is added to the **configured mailbox listener aggregate**, and the listener is 
    registered locally. No broadcast is attempted, meaning that other James servers will need a reboot to actually start 
    consuming the queue.
 - **to remove a listener**. Such a call:
    - Will fail if the listener is required by Guice bindings on the current server (distributed check will not be 
    implemented) or if the listener is not configured.

>     - Upon success, the listener is removed from to the **configured mailbox listener aggregate**, and the listener is 

Reviewer: s/from to the/from the

    unregistered locally. No broadcast is attempted, meaning that other James servers will need a reboot to actually stop 
    consuming the queue. However, new events will stop arriving in the queue as its binding will be removed.

Integration tests of the distributed James product will require to be ported to perform additional mailbox listener
registry with this WebAdmin endpoint.

> We will also expose a endpoint listing the groups currently in use, and for each group the associated configuration, if 

Reviewer: s/a endpoint/an endpoint

any. This will query the **configured mailbox listener aggregate**.

> We will introduce a health check to actually ensure that RabbitMQ resources matches the configured listeners, and propose

Reviewer: s/matches/match

> a WebAdmin to add/remove bindings/queue in a similar fashion of what had been proposed in 

Reviewer: s/WebAdmin/WebAdmin endpoint

[26. Removing a configured additional MailboxListener](0026-removing-configured-additional-mailboxListeners.md).

## Consequences

All products other than "Distributed James" are unchanged.

All the currently configured additional listeners will need to be registered.

The definition of mailbox listeners is thus centralized and we are not exposed to an heterogeneous configuration 
incident.

## Possible evolutions

A broadcast can be attempted to propagate eventBus topology changes:

 - Each James server registers an exclusive queue to an "eventBus topology change" exchange.
 - Upon modification of the actual topology an "add" or "remove" event is emitted.

>  - Each running James react to these events by instantiating the corresponding listener and starting consuming the 

Reviewer: s/react/reacts

 associated queue, or stops consuming the associated queue.
 
If a listener is added but is not in the classpath, an ERROR log is emitted. This can happen during a rolling upgrade,
which defines a new guice binding for a new mailbox listener. Events will still be emitted (and consumed by other James)

> servers however a local James upgrade will be required to effectively be able to start processing these events. 

Reviewer: s/James) servers/James servers)

While the configuration might be specific for each James server, what actually is defined in RabbitMQ is common. 
Heterogeneous configuration might then result in unpredictable RabbitMQ resource status. This was left as a limitation
of [26. Removing a configured additional MailboxListener](0026-removing-configured-additional-mailboxListeners.md).

## Decision

We need to centralize the definition of mailbox listeners.

An event sourcing system will track the configured mailbox listeners.

It will have the following commands:

 - **AddListener**: Add a given listener. This should be rejected if the group is already used.
 - **RemoveListener**: Remove a given listener.

It will have the following events:

 - **ListenerAdded**: A mailbox listener is added
 - **ListenerRemoved**: A mailbox listener is removed

A subscriber will react to these events to modify the RabbitMQ resource accordingly by adding queues, adding or removing
bindings.

This event sourcing system differs from the one defined in
[26. Removing a configured additional MailboxListener](0026-removing-configured-additional-mailboxListeners.md) by the
fact that we should also keep track of listener configuration.

> Upon start, James will ensure the **configured mailbox listener event sourcing system** contains the guice injected 

Reviewer 2: By doing that, you may have the same herogeneous problem when doing a rolling upgrade of your cluster with a version changing the built-in list of listener, don't you?

Author: **case 1 **: James Server version 1 do not require listener A, James server version 2 requires listener A.

Since listener A is registered, James server version 1 can not be rebooted prior being upgraded. (As listener A cannot be instanciated)

**case 2**: James Server version 1 require listener A, James server version 2 do not requires listener A.

Upgrading to James version 2 means  that listener A is still registered as an additional listener, that needs to be manually unconfigured once the rolling upgrade finished. Whish is acceptable in upgrade instruction. We need to make sure the listeners could still be instanciated (even with empty code) for a transition period. Sounds acceptable to me.

Conclusion: it's safe but you are right that this special case deserves a section in the ADR.

listeners, and add them if missing (handling the RabbitMQ bindings by this mean), then starts the eventBus which will
consume the given queues.

> If a listener is configured with a class unknown to James, the start-up fails. This can happen if a custom jar, containing

Reviewer 2: how do you fix that if the server doesn't start anymore and the expected listener list requires a REST call?

Author: 1/ By not failing and accepting to start without a listener

2/ By having, in the face of such failure a downgraded mode exposing only the webadmin API to manage groups.

3/ By having a CLI tool for managing groups.

I propose adopting 1/ (because it is simple)  but documenting alternative 2/ and 3/ (that could be seen as enhencements requiring more work)

Reviewer 2: With 1/ you will have servers running while not behaving as configured. The administrator would have to read the logs (or health-check) to figure it out.
Maybe health-check is ok

Author: > Maybe health-check is ok

:+1:

user implemented mailbox listeners is partially deployed.

This differs from [26. Removing a configured additional MailboxListener](0026-removing-configured-additional-mailboxListeners.md)
by the fact we no longer need to register all listeners at once.

A WebAdmin endpoint will allow:

 - **to add a listener** to the one configured. Such a call:

>     - Will fail if the listener is unknown to James, or if the corresponding group is unknown.

Reviewer 2: > if the corresponding group is unknown.

What does it mean?

Author: if the corresponding group is not part of the **configured listeners aggregate**

>     - Upon success the listener is added to the **configured mailbox listener aggregate**, and the listener is 

Reviewer 2: why?

Author: > Upon success the listener is added to the **configured mailbox listener aggregate**

What would you expect else? ^^

Reviewer 2: Sorry, I failed to write a proper comment. Let me try again:

> No broadcast is attempted, meaning that other James servers will need a reboot to actually start 
    consuming the queue.

Why?

Author: Because doing a broadcast requires more dev to take place. 

This is listed as a possible enhancement below.

Reviewer 2: > Because doing a broadcast requires more dev to take place.

Do you think so? Because I'm really not sure regarding what we will have to do to deal with the "no broadcast" situation.

BTW, we already have an EventBus ...

Author: > Do you think so? Because I'm really not sure regarding what we will have to do to deal with the "no broadcast" situation.

Let's move this to a TLD concept then.

Author: > BTW, we already have an EventBus ...

So. Via a Registration key, to leverage a broadcast? Smart.

    registered locally. No broadcast is attempted, meaning that other James servers will need a reboot to actually start 
    consuming the queue.
 - **to remove a listener**. Such a call:

>     - Will fail if the listener is required by Guice bindings on the current server (distributed check will not be 

Reviewer 2: we don't really need distributed check, on "listener registering" we can keep track of "built-in" listeners and prevent removal with REST APIs

Author: > "built-in" listeners 

That's what I mean by `if the listener is required by Guice bindings on the current server`

    implemented) or if the listener is not configured.
    - Upon success, the listener is removed from the **configured mailbox listener aggregate**, and the listener is 
    unregistered locally. No broadcast is attempted, meaning that other James servers will need a reboot to actually stop 
    consuming the queue. However, new events will stop arriving in the queue as its binding will be removed.

Integration tests relying on additional mailbox listeners of the distributed James product will require to be ported to 
perform additional mailbox listener registry with this WebAdmin endpoint. JMAP SpamAssassin, quota mailing tests are 
concerned.

> We will also expose an endpoint listing the groups currently in use, and for each group the associated configuration, if 

Reviewer 2: This ADR doesn't explain what a group is. Do we have the definition in another one?

Author: I think you are right.

Mailbox listeners can be registered to be triggered every time an event is generated.  They are being executed  in a distributed fashion following the workqueue messaging pattern. The "group" is an attribute of the mailbox listener identifying to which work queue they beong.

Would it be OK?

Reviewer 2: ok

any. This will query the **configured mailbox listener aggregate**.

> We will introduce a health check to actually ensure that RabbitMQ resources match the configured listeners, and propose

Reviewer 2: does this case happen because we don't propagate listener changes across the cluster?

Author: See "broadcast topology changes" below.

Author: An no, an error to perform a binding can lead to that case

a WebAdmin endpoint to add/remove bindings/queue in a similar fashion of what had been proposed in 
[26. Removing a configured additional MailboxListener](0026-removing-configured-additional-mailboxListeners.md).

## Consequences

All products other than "Distributed James" are unchanged.

All the currently configured additional listeners will need to be registered.

> The definition of mailbox listeners is thus centralized and we are not exposed to an heterogeneous configuration 

Reviewer 2: It would make sense to describe how someone deploy a new listener with this implementation

Author: Sample rest API calls is IMO too low level for and ADR.

Reviewer 2: I'm not saying we should talk about REST but rather a "user story" with steps

Author: Given what I had written calling the webadmin endpoint should be enough?

Reviewer 2: > Given what I had written calling the webadmin endpoint should be enough?

I would not ask for more.

The steps are:
1. create a jar with your listener
2. deploy that jar to every james server of the cluster
3. restart (or not?) servers
4. call webadmin to enable the listener (with the conf or not?)

Same about disabling a listener

Author: Ok, your question was missing `custom` as a prefix of `new listener`.

incident.

## Possible evolutions

A broadcast can be attempted to propagate eventBus topology changes:

 - Each James server registers an exclusive queue to an "eventBus topology change" exchange.
 - Upon modification of the actual topology an "add" or "remove" event is emitted.
 - Each running James reacts to these events by instantiating the corresponding listener and starting consuming the 
 associated queue, or stops consuming the associated queue.
 

> If a listener is added but is not in the classpath, an ERROR log is emitted. This can happen during a rolling upgrade,

Reviewer 2: how about passing the listener jar as the endpoint payload and put it into the blobstore?

Author: That's clearly overkill to me !

Let's solve one problem at a time, distributed JAR registry is only loosely coupled with that problematic.

Integration tests relying on additional mailbox listeners of the distributed James product will require to be ported to 
perform additional mailbox listener registry with this WebAdmin endpoint. JMAP SpamAssassin, quota mailing tests are 
concerned.

We will also expose an endpoint listing the groups currently in use, and for each group the associated configuration, if 
any. This will query the **configured mailbox listener aggregate**.

We will introduce a health check to actually ensure that RabbitMQ resources match the configured listeners, and propose
a WebAdmin endpoint to add/remove bindings/queue in a similar fashion of what had been proposed in 
[26. Removing a configured additional MailboxListener](0026-removing-configured-additional-mailboxListeners.md). This 
can happen if the James server performing the listener registration fails to create the group/queue. 

## Consequences

All products other than "Distributed James" are unchanged.

All the currently configured additional listeners will need to be registered.

The definition of mailbox listeners is thus centralized and we are not exposed to an heterogeneous configuration 
incident.

> Mailbox listeners no longer required by guice will still need to be instanciable (even with empty content). They will 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Mailbox listeners no longer required by guice will still need to be instantiable (even with empty content). They will 
```

[Deploying a new custom listener](#deploying-a-new-custom-listener) also describes how to deploy new custom listeners.

## Notes

## Broadcast of topology changes

A broadcast can be attempted to propagate eventBus topology changes:

 - Each James server registers an exclusive queue to an "eventBus topology change" exchange.
 - Upon modification of the actual topology an "add" or "remove" event is emitted.
 - Each running James reacts to these events by instantiating the corresponding listener and starting consuming the 
 associated queue, or stops consuming the associated queue.
 
If a listener is added but is not in the classpath, an ERROR log is emitted. This can happen during a rolling upgrade,
which defines a new guice binding for a new mailbox listener. Events will still be emitted (and consumed by other James
servers) however a local James upgrade will be required to effectively be able to start processing these events. The 
binding will not need to be redefined.

Propagating changes will thus no longer need server reboot.

This won't be contributed in the short run as it requires significant development effort.

> ### Rolling upgrade scenari

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Rolling upgrade _scenarii_
```

During a rolling upgrade, the james version is heterogeneous across the cluster, and so might be the mailbox listeners
required at the Guice level.

**case 1**: James Server version 1 does not require listener A, James server version 2 requires listener A.

> Since listener A is registered, James server version 1 can not be rebooted prior being upgraded. (As listener A cannot be instanciated)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Since listener A is registered, James server version 1 cannot be rebooted without being upgraded first. (As listener A cannot be instantiated)
```

> **case 2**: James Server version 1 requires listener A, James server version 2 does not requires listener A.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**case 2**: James Server version 1 requires listener A, James server version 2 does not require listener A.
```

> Upgrading to James version 2 means  that listener A is still registered as an additional listener, that needs to be 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Upgrading to James version 2 means that listener A is still registered as an additional listener, it needs to be 
```

> manually unconfigured once the rolling upgrade finished. Whish is acceptable in upgrade instruction. We need to make 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
manually unconfigured once the rolling upgrade finished. Which is acceptable in upgrade instruction. We need to make 
```

> sure the listeners could still be instanciated (even with empty code) for a transition period.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
sure the listeners could still be instantiated (even with empty code) for a transition period.
```

## Error: a listener can't be registered

If a mailbox listener can't be register, eg if its class is not on the classpath, JAMES startup, according to this
proposal won't be aborted.

This results of an effort to allow an admin can easily unconfigure that given listener using standard webadmin APIs.

However, this will result in a James server not consuming that given group (remote server possessing the JAR will still 
correctly process all events). This needs a careful log review to get the admin reacting upon the incident.

> This result in an incorrect state locally, but the james cluster as a whole still behaves well, as James servers which

Reviewer 2: What if all servers fail?

Author: removed

can still run the listener.

We explored the following alternatives:

>  - **Failing** upon James startup, but providing a CLI utility to unconfigure a falty group if needed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - **Failing** upon James startup, but providing a CLI utility to unconfigure a faulty group if needed.
```

>  - **Failing** upon James startup, but running James in a downgraded state allowing to unconfigure the falty listener.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - **Failing** upon James startup, but running James in a downgraded state allowing to unconfigure the faulty listener.
```

> The fact that James is failing forces an admin to react, however 'downgraded' status might lead to automated tools to 

Reviewer 2: doesn't healthcheck filling that gap?

believe James is fully operational, while it is not the case.

> We did not chose these options as they imply more development for limited safety gains.

Reviewer 2: It deserves a debate: in the past, I implemented a two-stage startup of the software I was working on. The first stage brings admin APIs up, the second stage is starting other services. It's a really powerful system that, in the long run, makes a lot of situations a lot more easier to deal with.

So, yes, it implies more development but maybe it's a good investment.

Author: It is loosely coupled with the current ADR content.

Hence, I wrote:

```
If a listener is configured with a class unknown to James, the start-up fails and James starts in a degraded state 
allowing to unconfigure the faulty listener. This downgraded state will be described in a separate ADR and the link will
be updated here.
```

# 34. Removing a configured additional MailboxListener

Date: 2020-04-23

## Status

Proposed

Supercedes [26. Removing a configured additional MailboxListener](0026-removing-configured-additional-mailboxListeners.md)

## Context

James enables a user to register additional mailbox listeners.

The distributed James server is handling mailbox event processing (mailboxListener execution) using a RabbitMQ work-queue
per listener.

> Currently, mailbox listeners are determined by the guice bindings of the server and additional mailbox listener defined

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Currently, mailbox listeners are determined by the guice bindings of the server and additional mailbox listeners defined
```

via configuration files.

While the configuration might be specific for each James server, what actually is defined in RabbitMQ is common. 
Heterogeneous configuration might then result in unpredictable RabbitMQ resource status. This was left as a limitation
of [26. Removing a configured additional MailboxListener](0026-removing-configured-additional-mailboxListeners.md).

## Decision

We need to centralize the definition of mailbox listeners.

An event sourcing system will track the configured mailbox listeners.

It will have the following commands:

 - **AddListener**: Add a given listener. This should be rejected if the group is already used.
 - **RemoveListener**: Remove a given listener.

It will have the following events:

 - **ListenerAdded**: A mailbox listener is added
 - **ListenerRemoved**: A mailbox listener is removed

> A subscriber will react to these event to modify the RabbitMQ resource accordingly by adding queues, adding or removing

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A subscriber will react to these events to modify the RabbitMQ resource accordingly by adding queues, adding or removing
```

binding.

This event sourcing system differs from the one defined in
[26. Removing a configured additional MailboxListener](0026-removing-configured-additional-mailboxListeners.md) by the
fact that we should also keep track of listener configuration.

Upon start, James will ensure the **configured mailbox listener event sourcing system** contains the guice injected 
listeners, and add them if missing (handling the RabbitMQ bindings by this mean), then starts the eventBus which will
consume the given queues.

If a listener is configured with a class unknown to James, the start-up fails. This can happen if a custom jar, containing
user implemented mailbox listeners is partially deployed.

This differs from [26. Removing a configured additional MailboxListener](0026-removing-configured-additional-mailboxListeners.md)
by the fact we no longer need to register all listeners at once.

A WebAdmin endpoint will allow:

 - **to add a listener** to the one configured. Such a call:

>     - Will fail if the listener is unknown to James, or if the 

Reviewer 3: or if the ???

    - Upon success the listener is added to the **configured mailbox listener aggregate**, and the listener is 

>     registered locally. No broadcast is attempted, meaning that other James server will need a reboot to actually start 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    registered locally. No broadcast is attempted, meaning that other James servers will need a reboot to actually start 
```

    consuming the queue.
 - **to remove a listener**. Such a call:
    - Will fail if the listener is required by Guice bindings on the current server (distributed check will not be 
    implemented) or if the listener is not configured.
    - Upon success, the listener is removed from to the **configured mailbox listener aggregate**, and the listener is 

>     unregistered locally. No broadcast is attempted, meaning that other James server will need a reboot to actually stop 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    unregistered locally. No broadcast is attempted, meaning that other James servers will need a reboot to actually stop 
```

    consuming the queue. However, new events will stop arriving in the queue as its binding will be removed.

> Integration tests of the distributed James product will require to be ported to perform additional mailbox listener

Reviewer 3: which integration tests must be ported?

registry with this WebAdmin endpoint.

We will also expose a endpoint listing the groups currently in use, and for each group the associated configuration, if 
any. This will query the **configured mailbox listener aggregate**.

> We will introduce a health-check to actually ensure that RabbitMQ resources matches the configured listeners, and propose

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
We will introduce a health check to actually ensure that RabbitMQ resources matches the configured listeners, and propose
```

a WebAdmin to add/remove bindings/queue in a similar fashion of what had been proposed in 
[26. Removing a configured additional MailboxListener](0026-removing-configured-additional-mailboxListeners.md).

## Consequences

All products other than "Distributed James" are unchanged.

> All the currently configured additional listeners will need to be registered .

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
All the currently configured additional listeners will need to be registered.
```

listeners, and add them if missing (handling the RabbitMQ bindings by this mean), then starts the eventBus which will
consume the given queues.

> If a listener is configured with a class unknown to James, the start-up do not fail but an ERROR log is emitted. This 

Reviewer: s/do/does

The definition of mailbox listeners is thus centralized and we are not exposed to an heterogeneous configuration 
incident.

## Possible evolutions

A broadcast can be attempted to propagate eventBus topology changes:

>  - Each James server registers an exclusive queue to a "eventBus topology change" exchange.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
 - Each James server registers an exclusive queue to an "eventBus topology change" exchange.
```

>  - Upon modification of the actual topology a "add" or "remove" event is emitted.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
 - Upon modification of the actual topology an "add" or "remove" event is emitted.
```

>  - Each running James react to these event by instantiating the corresponding listener and starting consuming the 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
 - Each running James react to these events by instantiating the corresponding listener and starting consuming the 
```

 associated queue, or stops consuming the associated queue.
 
If a listener is added but is not in the classpath, an ERROR log is emitted. This can happen during a rolling upgrade,
which defines a new guice binding for a new mailbox listener. Events will still be emitted (and consumed by other James)

> servers however a local James upgrade will be required to effectively be able to start processing these events. 

Reviewer 3: some more explanation are needed for this case. Do we need to redefine the binding or the listeners on the failing server, or just to restart it?

> Propagating changes will thus no longer server reboot.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Propagating changes will thus no longer need server reboot.
```

We will introduce a health check to actually ensure that RabbitMQ resources match the configured listeners, and propose
a WebAdmin endpoint to add/remove bindings/queue in a similar fashion of what had been proposed in 
[26. Removing a configured additional MailboxListener](0026-removing-configured-additional-mailboxListeners.md). This 
can happen if the James server performing the listener registration fails to create the group/queue. This health check 

> will also report if this James server do not succeed to run a given listener, for instance if its class is not on the 

Reviewer: s/do/does

binding will not need to be redefined.

Propagating changes will thus no longer need server reboot.

## Notes

### Rolling upgrade scenari

During a rolling upgrade, the james version is heterogeneous across the cluster, and so might be the mailbox listeners
required at the Guice level.

> **case 1**: James Server version 1 do not require listener A, James server version 2 requires listener A.

Reviewer: s/do/does

Since listener A is registered, James server version 1 can not be rebooted prior being upgraded. (As listener A cannot be instanciated)

> **case 2**: James Server version 1 require listener A, James server version 2 do not requires listener A.

Reviewer: s/require/requires

s/do not requires/does not require

Propagating changes will thus no longer need server reboot.

> This won't be contributed is the short run as it requires significant development effort.

Reviewer: s/is the short run/in the short run

Upgrading to James version 2 means  that listener A is still registered as an additional listener, that needs to be 
manually unconfigured once the rolling upgrade finished. Whish is acceptable in upgrade instruction. We need to make 
sure the listeners could still be instanciated (even with empty code) for a transition period.

## Error: a listener can't be registered

> If a mailbox listener can't be register, eg if it's class is not on the classpath, JAMES startup, according to this

Reviewer: s/register/registered

Reviewer: s/it's/its

believe James is fully operational, while it is not the case.

We did not chose these options as they imply more development for limited safety gains.

## Deploying a new custom listener

Given a new custom listener, not yet deployed in Distributed James cluster,

> To be deploying it, an admin needs to follow these steps:

Reviewer 2: s/To be deploying it/To deploy it/

>  - Add the jar in extension-jars folder for each James server

Reviewer 2: you may quote `extension-jars` here too

>  - As `extension-jars` is read at instanciation time, no reboot is required to instanciate the new listener.

Reviewer 2: it's more a comment for the previous step than a step by itself

Author: Let's add a level of indent then...

 - A
      - b

>  - Then the WebAdmin endpoint can be called to configure the given custom listener. The bindings for the new listener 

Reviewer 2: you should write this one as a step: "Call the webadmin endpoint ..."
Also, it's not really clear if we pass the configuration in this call, could you make it explicit?

Author: > Also, it's not really clear if we pass the configuration in this call, could you make it explicit?

o.O I used the word `configure`

Reviewer 2: > o.O I used the word configure

Sorry but it can be interpreted as "it enables the listener (which can be configured in some file".

Let's remove the ambiguity

 will be created, and a listener will be consuming its queue on the James server that had been treating the request.

>  - For other James servers to be starting processing the queu, a reboot is needed unless 

Reviewer: s/queu/queue
